"This time, for maybe one hour or whatever, we remain strong and confident. When we started
lingering our attitude and thought, 'What is this mind?' That means we are in a pair, F-E-A-R,
pair, doubt. Nothing is going to happen to anything. It's just the same thing, but we're activating
our
courage, our commitment, our confidence, so that we can really embrace the absolute nature of the
Buddha Amitabha, same time, present the blessings and empowerment of our relative world. To do that
,
we have to be confident, strong, courage, and determined. We pull up devotion and joy. That's
what we're going to revere. And Amitabha is nothing, staying, anything. It is true love,
compassion, versatile in our mind. We're going to revere that nature. So therefore, with those
good, that motivation, and one only mind, and then join this place. So first, I will join,
second, and then I do talk with you as a repetitionist.